this captive Jaguar was rescued by the
Brazilian military as a cub and cannot
now be returned to the wild
so is kept in this sanctuary it's not
the wild one we wanted but a rare chance
to see a Jaguar close enough to smell
its breath you see how the Jaguar is
actually moving around its world being
drawn by scent so the nose is pressing
down to the ground pressed into the
plants around it it's really processing
its world based on smell it's quite
interesting to see how wary these guys
are with the Jaguar they come in here
with him every single day and they're
big guys but they have an enormous
amount of respect for the power of this
animal and I'm not surprised
looking at the bulk of a head it's so
broad so muscular containing the vast
muscles that drive a jaw which can power
clean through the bone of a skull of a
peccary or a tapir as jungle cats
Jaguars are up there with Tigers as the
big cats that are most comfortable in
water you see almost the first thing
that this animals done upon coming out
into the open its to head into the water
to cool down they're great swimmers and
will actually quite often go into the
water
to hunt so the hunt crocodiles
caimans anacondas all sorts of other
large predators that inhabit the water
definitely very very comfortable down
there where typically you think of cats
has been completely out of their depth
the Jaguar is the largest cat found in
the Americas an animal that can kill
from no more than a few meters away and
with a single bite to the back of the
head it is one of the most powerful
animals in the world and for that reason
definitely going on my list
you